HOME
LEADING MANUFACTURER OF SEASONING SPICES
MANUFACTURER AND EXPORTER OF GRINDED & BLENDED SPICES
BETTER QUALITY, GREATER TASTE & AROMA
WE ENHANCE FOOD, WITH QUALITY SPICES.
We, at Sonet spices are engaged in the manufacturing and exports all types of spices since the year 1999. In order to achieve a position of reliability and precision our company makes sure that the strict international standards like ISO 9001:2015, ISO 22000:2005 are being followed. Our main product range includes Seasoning Spices, Blended spices and Grinded Spices.
Within a few years of its forming, Sonet Spices saved for itself a position of reliability and distinction as manufacturers of high-quality spices that meet international standards.
MANUFACTURER OF GRINDED & BLENDED SPICES
MANUFACTURER, EXPORTER AND SUPPLIER OF HIGH QUALITY SPICES IN INDIA
SEASONING SPICESGRINDED SPICESBLENDED SPICES
Why Choose Us?
We are famous and dependable firm that is actively committed towards offering premium quality range of spices in safe packaging material within the minimum time period and at genuine rates.
Product Range :- Leaders for some of the qualitative and best productions and discoveries of some of the best taste in spices blends that helps in satisfying needs of vast food industries.
Worldwide presence:- Sonet spices have been able to pierce through the major spice markets of many Gulf and Middle east countries, African and South-East Asian countries and a few Western part of the globe.
Research and Development: - Our team of experts at Sonet Spices work continuously for the full-fledged research and development of unique and best taste in the seasoning spices category
Quality: - We maintain and follow strict quality check to meet up with all the quality parameters on all of the manufacturing stages of the spices with a combined effort of both, automatic and manual modes.
QUALITY & INNOVATIONHI TECH INFRASTRUCTURE PLANTGLOBAL PRESENCE
ABOUT SONET
About Us: -
Who We Are:
Being one of the leading Spices manufacturing company in India, we always look forward and believe in value creation side by side with innovative, best quality along with best taste and aroma for all our range of spices products.
Founded in the year 1999, we “ Sonet Spices “ are a dependable and famous manufacturer of a broad range of cooking spices powder and a wide range of spices for potato chips, fryums or pellets, namkeen, farsan, khakhara, corn snacks etc.
We provide these spices in bulk amount to attain the complete satisfaction of the clients. We at Sonet Spices have constructed a wide and well functional infrastructural unit where we process these spices as per the set food industry standards. Under the supervision of our skilled work force, we have gained huge clientele across the nation.
YEARS OF EXPERIECEADVANCED TECHNOLOGYSUPREME QUALITY
RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENTGLOBAL EXPORT
MISSION: - Our mission is to deliver the best quality spices in all fields of application by developing the most sophisticated spices manufacturing process to get the perfect balance of quality, service and price for all of our customers.
VISSION: - Because of our forward and 20th century thinking view of the way food items like spices should be manufactured, developed and sourced, our vision is to play a role in giving a better-quality spices in terms of taste, hygiene and aroma.
DELIVERING VALUES SINCE 1999
CORE VALUES:-
Each and everything we do at Sonet Spices is always driven by our core values such as Innovation, Integrity, Accountability and Quality which has transformed us into the “ Best Spices Manufacturer” worldwide.  We continue to join our hands with experts to innovate best quality with utmost accountability. The opportunity of reaching lives of millions of people through their food and in turn giving them the core strength is a profound inspiration for us.
Integrity : -
Our brand , “ Sonet “ is based on the strong foundations of Ethics and Integrity which are also the guiding principles for all we do. Sonet Spices makes its way with openness, fairness and integrity. We believe that we will earn the trust of our clients, people and suppliers by treating them fairly and with respect.
Accountability: -
Each of the individuals, all departments, the entire company of Sonet Spices, we all are expected to be held accountable for our every performance and the corresponding results. We always make sure that the end result meets expectations by encouraging responsibility on all levels.
People Empowerment: -
By encouraging communication, problem-solving and employee involvement at each level of company, we inspire empowerment. We, at Sonet Spices strive to continually learn, adapt and move forward.
Professional Team: -
At Sonet Spices we are the team of professionals who are professionally qualified and experienced in respective fields.
Quality: -
We look forward for experience in all that we do. We believe that excellence can only be achieved with the help of continuous quest for improvement. Sonet spices is committed to producing and delivering products to the highest standard possible each and every time.
Innovation: -
By innovation in technology, operations and processes and investing in the development of our people, Sonet Spices constantly strive to improve the efficiency of its business
WE ARE CERTIFIED WITH :-
FSSAI
AGMARK
ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System
ISO 22000:2005 Food Safety Management System
Spice Board Of India
APEDA
USFDA
WHY SONET?
WORLD-CLASS QUALITY DRIVEN BY STATE OF THE ART MANUFACTURING PROCESSES
We are thus considered as some of the Best Spices manufacturing companies.
Sonet Spices always look forward to manufacturing and distributing high quality spices, as well as we also ensure the same high quality in our service and support that we provide to our customers. Our unique and best manufacturing process helps our engineers to design, develop and manufacture best quality spices that are delivered to the end-users.
THE STRATEGY OF SONET SPICES
We believe in quality, taste and aroma.
Sonet Spices has been in constant innovation developing better quality spices and we are constantly expanding a wide range of new spices blends and seasonings. Sonet spices works hard to develop spices that are globally acceptable. We always believe in evolving human assets by constructing a work environment where our employees thrive and learn rapidly. We believe in making our sales partners successful, building trust, authenticity and a culture of entrepreneurial behavior.
THE GLOBAL ADVANTAGE
We look forward in continuous development of our spices blends and seasonings and periodically launch new spices blends and seasonings to meet the needs of the people.
Superior Technology: -
We always remain at the forefront of cutting edge in best spices manufacturing technology and our spices are manufactured with best food-grade equipments and underlying principles.
State-of-the-art Manufacturing: -
Sonet spices always look forward to make manufacturing facilities meet all the required quality control policies and we remain up-to-date with the infrastructure, systems and processes to keep up with the latest norms and also latest technologies.
Competitive Prices: -
We finalize the raw materials used in our process after very strict vendor qualification audits, alongside that, we still manage to retain affordable prices for our customers so that each one of the end users can afford the best quality spices at the best prices.
Expansive Product Portfolio: -
We have a treasure of the vast portfolio that keeps in mind the needs of spices for every section of the society. From big industries to a single individual customer, our portfolio caters to the needs of all.
Global Presence: -
Sonet spices have been able to pierce through the major spice markets of many Gulf and Middle east countries, African and South-East Asian countries and a few Western part of the globe.
Constant Innovation: -
Whether it is Manufacturing techniques or technology, innovation means improving and updating both the process and the under-riding principles. We regularly invest a considerable part of our revenues towards new spices blends development. This is the Global approach.
WE ARE SPECIALIZED
Sonet spices is into manufacturing of all types of seasoning spices, blended spices and grinded spices.
SEASONING SPICESGRINDED SPICESBLENDED SPICES
STATE OF THE ART INFRASTRUCTURE
We have with us the best state-of-the-art infrastructural facilities that ensure safe manufacturing and supplying a wide range of all types of spices throughout the nation and also worldwide. Further, the objective of our company is achieved with the help of our in-house facilities and production. We assure to our consumers that our range of spices is delivered within the promised time and moreover as per the specification as given by our clients with the help of constantly updated, modern and advance technology.
EXPERIENCE : 24 YEARS
EMPLOYEE : 55+
COUNTRIES : 11+ WORLDWIDE
SATISFIED & HAPPY CUSTOMERS SINCE : 24 YEARS
MANUFACTURING FACILITIES
WORLD-CLASS TECHNOLOGY AND MANUFACTURING PROCESS
We enhance food, with quality spices
We, at Sonet Spices are the very best in the field just because of our passion and strong faith in humanity. Through hard work and dedication to make each dish in the kitchen as well as each product of the big food industries the best is our only mission and in order to make our dream come into a reality, at Sonet Spices the manufacturing of all the seasoning spices, blended spices and grinded spices from raw ingredients to the final taste requires a lot of hard work and professional techniques to maintain that high quality and standard that is accepted and appreciated worldwide. All of our range of spices are manufactured in a safe environment and as per the international standards; no child labor is involved in making of our products.
Raw Material Acquisition & Testing: -
At Sonet Spices we believe that only the best quality raw materials can produce better quality spices, which is the reason why we source all of the raw materials from the best suppliers. All the raw materials sourced then undergo rigorous quality checking and testing to make sure that a high standard of quality is maintained.
The Storage Of The Raw Materials: -
Storage of any spices might not seem like a big deal but it is important to shield them from dust and outside atmosphere or any other environmental harm and so the raw materials for spices seasonings and blends are stored in a special warehouse with a controlled environment as per the ISO international standards. This way the raw materials stay safe and hygiene is maintained that in turn assures better quality.
Research and Development: -
Our research and development section are a reason for great pride for us. We keep striving to develop the best spice seasonings and blends that will exceed all of your expectations and will revolutionize the food industry in India as well as in the entire world.
Product Sampling: -
After perfecting a theoretical recipe, the next important step is to make a sample of the particular spice seasoning or blend. Each spice seasoning or blend sample is subjected to all the standards of quality checking and taste to ensure that the samples are suitable for mass production.
Production of the Spice Seasonings & Blends: -
We assure our end users the premium quality of all the spices products due to which, for the betterment of our customers, we accept customizable orders and make use of unique and special techniques to give what we promise in a controlled environment. All the machines and systems that are used to process the spices are thoroughly checked before and after every batch production to make sure of smooth productivity and no error in the final product. Time, research and effort is invested to produce best of the best quality of spices products.
Lab testing Of Finished Production: -
Before our final spices products are delivered to our customers, they first undergo through detailed lab testing which includes physical, chemical and micro-biological testing to ensure that there are no shortcomings in terms of quality.
Packaging: -
A team of professional and specialized people carry out the final packaging of the manufactured spices that are tested properly to ensure product quality. The products are sealed in vacuum packages to ensure no outside contamination.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
At Sonet Spices, innovation done with the help of great ideas is the best part of research and development.
We have with us, skilled and experienced staff along with best equipments to develop new products from the spices. We have a team of skilled industrial designers and engineers to develop latest spices products matching the market’s needs. We always take feedback from our distributors and end-users to develop products for quality and better taste for our customers.
QUALITY & INNOVATION
Quality is important to our spice business because it is consumed by each section and every age group of the society.
Sonet Spices believe in leading the spices manufacturing field and our company gives importance to the quality at the most value-added price. We believe in continuously improving the performance of each of our departments with the help of team work.
To achieve the expected standards of our end users, SONET spices has acquired ISO 9001:2015 as well as ISO 22000:2005 certification which indicates the value of manufacturing processes and strengthen SONET to better meet customer requirements.
At Sonet spices, we strive to give optimum satisfaction to our valued consumers who have laid their trust and expectation on us. This thinking is planted within the company in different ways such as to develop free and frank environment with never ending improvement in quality, service, technology, cost and delivery.
QUALITY POLICY: -
Sonet Spices is committed in providing the best quality products and services to its customers. We look forward for immediate attention to the slightest of the consumer complaint. Sonet Spices promises its versatility, responsiveness and commitment to the best possible quality standards by aiding the employees with best training so as to establish, maintain and continuously improve its quality management system.
INNOVATION: -
Innovation and technology have been the most important point of our culture since long and one of the most important elements that helps maintain our differentiation strategy. At Sonet Spices, more focus on innovation and development of variety of products has enabled us to increase the quality of our spice products and make us different from the rest.
The innovations we work on are based on our relationships with end users and experts who provide us with the true suggestions for market needs and opportunities.
THE PILLARS OF SONET SPICES: -
Research and Development
Advanced Technology
More Focused Quality Control
Integration
Sonet Spices has always believed in the idea of been about providing an exceptional quality and taste of spices, that is achieved through a highly professional & committed service, that in turn helps us to build up the relationships that is maintained for a fairly longer period.
EXPORTER OF SPICES
GLOBAL PRESENCE: -
SONET SPICES has set an objective of catering to the worldwide market, today, have been able to successfully create a vast spice market in the highly demanding markets of many countries. With a positive response from our clients across the globe, we are confident in establishing our market in other countries as well and for that to achieve, we have already formulated a promising method to spread our spice network running across the length and breadth of the globe
FOOTER LINE: -
Sonet Spices is a well-known Indian company engaged in the manufacturing and export of seasoning spices, grinded spices and blended spices since the year 1999.
ONE OF THE BEST SPICES MANUFACTURER
Need more info? CONTACT US
Fill out the form below to receive product support or information of any kind.
FULL NAMECOMPANY/BUSINESS NAME
DESIGNATIONWEBSITE
CONTACT NUMBEREMAIL ADDRESS
COUNTRYSTATE
MESSAGE
GET IN TOUCH: -
Post your inquiries and get to know more about Sonet Spices. We will be happy to answer your queries as one of the best spices manufacturers in India.
Contact Information: -
Plant / Head Office
SONET SPICES
Plot no. 2628/6, GIDC Lodhika, Kranti gate, Metoda, Dist. Rajkot – 360021, Gujarat, India.
Phone:- +91 81603 03871 / +91 94265 98665
Mail: - sonet@sonetspices.com
VISIT OUR HI-TECH INFRASTRUCTURE: -
We welcome you to visit our plant to review our state-of-the-art production facilities and Quality Control capabilities.
Google mapGoogle map
Google map
Google map
SEOSONING SPICES
Sonet Spices looks forward in providing safe, wholesome and pure spices and seasonings to achieve high expectation of all the clients and meet with the high standards set by us.
The Quality Control Department at our company premises has dedicated and experienced technicians and staff to regulate the specialized testing procedures so that we can provide the best quality seasoning masala to all our clients.
Our commitment to quality is unwavering. We source our spices from trusted farmers and suppliers who share our dedication to sustainability and ethical practices. Each product undergoes rigorous quality control to ensure it meets our high standards for purity and potency.
Given below is the list of the seasoning spices manufactured by our company:
SEASONING FOR NAMKEEN
SEASONING FOR FRYUMS
SEASONING FOR WAFERS
SEASONING FOR KURKURE
SEASONING FOR CORN SNACKS
SEASONING FOR KHAKHRA
SEASONING FOR SOYA STICKS
SEASONING FOR PEANUTS & CASHEW NUTS
GRINDED SPICES
With the help of our best manufacturing technology, we, at Sonet Spices produce the best quality Grinded spices from the whole spices which are examined thoroughly at the time of purchase. We make sure that the Grinded spices produced are of the top most quality as demanded by our end users.
SPICY CHILLI POWDER
KASHMIRI CHILLI POWDER
TURMERIC POWDER
CORIANDER-CUMIN POWDER
ROCK SALT POWDER
BLACK PEPPER POWDER
DRY MANGO POWDER
DRY GINGER POWDER
BLACK SALT POWDER
SPICY CHILLI POWDER: -
Sonet Spices produces a finely – grinded chilli powder which represents a perfect blend of colour and aroma.
For heating the taste of the dishes, wide variety of chilli in terms of shapes, sizes, colours and degree of pungency is used.
Spicy Chilly Powder is used in many dishes for its hot taste.
Packaging available in 10Rs. Pack / 50 gm, 100 gm, 200 gm, 500 gm packs / 1 Kg pack / 5 Kg pack
KASHMIRI CHILLI POWDER: -
This type of chilli powder is one of our best quality chilli powders which is well known for its bright red colour and mild pungency.
Packaging available in 500 gm, 100gm packs / 5 Kg pack
TURMERIC POWDER: -
Sonet Spices manufactures and grinds some of the best quality turmeric powder that renders a perfect golden-yellow colour along with high curcumin ( a colour property ) content. Sonet Turmeric Powder is often used as an important colouring spice in many curries.
Packaging available in 10Rs. Pack / 50 gm, 100 gm, 200 gm, 500 gm packs / 5 Kg pack
CORIANDER-CUMIN POWDER: -
This category of grinded spice produced in our facility is combined by grinding together the perfect fresh coriander seeds and cumin seeds obtained from well-drained regions of Gujarat and Rajasthan. Sonet Coriander – Cumin powder imparts its distinct flavours in most of the Indian dishes.
Packaging available in 10Rs. Pack / 50 gm, 100 gm, 200 gm, 500 gm packs / 5 Kg pack
ROCK SALT POWDER: -
Sonet spices grinds the best quality Rock Salt crystals into a very fine powder form so that it can be blended easily with other spices in any Indian dish.
Health Benefits of Rock Salt Powder: -
Sonet Rock Salt powder may stabilize the blood pressure by maintaining a balance of high and low blood pressures. It may also help in detoxification of human body. It may aid in weight loss by equalizing minerals. Rock Salt powder may be beneficial for people suffering from respiratory problems and sinus.
Packaging available in 100 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
BLACK PEPPER POWDER: -
We, at Sonet Spices finely grind the best quality hand-picked whole black pepper to obtain the best flavour, aroma and bite. Our black pepper powder imparts a sharp and hot taste to any dish.
Health Benefits of Black Pepper Powder: -
Sonet Black Pepper powder may have antioxidant benefits. It may also help in enhancing brain health and treating diabetes. Black pepper powder may prevent cancer and fight wrinkles.
Packaging available in 40 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
DRY MANGO POWDER: -
Sonet Dry Mango powder is manufactured from the best dehydrated mangoes so that its taste, flavour and aroma is maintained well.
Health Benefits of Dry Mango Powder: -
Use of Sonet Dry Mago powder may help in maintaining healthy body as it helps in smooth digestion and keeps heart healthy.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
DRY GINGER POWDER: -
We, at Sonet Spices finely grind the best quality hand-picked dried ginger to obtain the best flavour, aroma and bite. Our dry ginger powder imparts a sharp taste to any dish it is added to.
Health Benefits of Dry Ginger Powder: -
Sonet Dry Ginger powder may help in treating chronic indigestion. Also, it may help in lowering blood sugar level and has many anti- inflammatory properties. Ginger powder may also be used to alleviate nausea.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
BLACK SALT POWDER: -
Sonet spices grinds the best quality Black Salt crystals into a very fine powder form so that it can be blended easily with other spices in any Indian dish.
Packaging available in 100 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
BLENDED SPICES
GARAM MASALA
PAVBHAJI MASALA
SHAHI BIRYANI MASALA
CHHOLE MASALA
KITCHEN KING MASALA
CHAT MASALA
PANI PURI MASALA
MASALA MAGIC MASTI
SABJI MASALA
SAMBHAR MASALA
CHICKEN MASALA
MEAT MASALA
FENNEL JUICE POWDER
BUTTERMILK MASALA
TEA MASALA
GARAM MASALA: -
Like human body, garam masala is also known as the backbone of most of the dishes, known all over the country. Sonet garam masala is a premium blend of spices that helps creating the best and the tastiest dishes by any cook. Sonet garam masala is the first choice of many chefs across the nation which enhances the aroma and flavor for making tasty dishes.
Usage: -
Sonet Garam masala is a multi-usage masala that is used to enhance the taste in both vegetarian and non-vegetarian curries. 2 small spoons of Sonet Garam masala are enough to enhance the flavors and aroma of any type of recipe cooked for 4 persons. That is why it is a must ingredient for all your recipes. Use Sonet Garam masala as per the requirement to enhance the taste of the food.
Packaging available in 100 gm, 50gm packs / 1 Kg pack
PAVBHAJI MASALA: -
Western India has gifted us with one the most favorite dishes of the country, pav bhaji. It is well known for its good taste along with several health benefits as it consists of a lot of vegetables in mashed form. Sonet pav bhaji masala, with the help of its best seasonings and flavors, helps you cherish out of the world taste of pav bhaji.
Making of Pav bhaji: -
Add 2 large chopped onions in 2 to 3 large tbsp of oil and fry till roasted. Add 2 large tomatoes, chili powder, 1 large tbsp Sonet Pavbhaji masala, salt to taste, roast it now. Add 500 to 600 grams of boiled vegetables (potatoes, cauliflower, green peas, capsicum, brinjal), cook for 2-3 minutes, add a tbsp of butter, sprinkle coriander on top. Serve with hot buttered pav and chopped onions with lemon slice.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
SHAHI BIRYANI MASALA: -
Sonet has successfully developed an aroma and taste that makes your biryani out of the world. This blend is unique in itself as it includes grounds, leaves and also whole spices with them. Biryani can be both vegetarian or non-vegetarian preparation usually made on special occasions in our country. Sonet shahi biryani masala has its own unique taste and aroma which makes anything you add it in tastier.
Making of Shahi biryani: -
Take 250 grams of boiled rice. Take 3 tbsp oil, fry finely-chopped 3 onions, 1 tbsp ginger and garlic paste and pour 2 tomato puree, turmeric, chili powder and put aside until cooked. Add half a cup yogurt in it. Now add half tbsp Sonet Shahi Biryani masala, add one-half cup cooked vegetables (green peas, cauliflower, carrots, potatoes, capsicum etc.), salt to taste. Spread half the rice in oiled bowl, add the vegetables. Then spread the remaining rice. Pour two tbsp of desi ghee. Now heat it for 10 to 15 minutes on low flame. Serve hot with curd or salad.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
CHHOLE MASALA: -
Chhole is known as one of the most liked and nutritious dishes of north India. An “out of the world” blend of 17 pure spices, this is one of the most liked blends in the Sonet collection. This blend has a great balance of taste and flavor and imparts a distinctive taste to chhole which are made from chickpeas. Sonet chhole masala also blends very well in many curries, giving them an exquisite aroma, increasing its taste and flavor.
Making of delicious Chhole: -
Take 200 grams chickpeas, soak them overnight, boil the same and keep it aside. Add 3-4 chopped onions in 4-5 large tbsp of oil, cook until becomes golden, add 2 tbsp chili powder and coriander powder. Add 2 large tbsp Sonet Chhole masala, cook for 6-7 minutes on low flame, add 2 chopped tomatoes, 5-6 green chilies, 1 inch finely chopped ginger, add salt to taste. Now pour the boiled chickpeas, cook for 10 minutes, add Sonet Chat masala to enhance the flavor, serve with puri, salad and rice.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
KITCHEN KING MASALA: -
If you are willing to explore the best ‘curry’ experience, Sonet kitchen king masala is that classic blend which will help you.  Our kitchen king masala offers you an authentic taste and flavor, be it in any curry. It is more ideal for the vegetable and paneer dishes with light curry base in it.
Usage: -
Sonet Kitchen King masala is a multi-usage masala that is used to enhance the taste in both vegetarian and non-vegetarian curries. A wide range of ingredients like turmeric, coriander, chili powder, fenugreek, cumin, black pepper, cardamom, garlic and onion, Asafoetida, cloves are mixed together. 2 small spoons of Sonet Kitchen King masala are enough to enhance the flavors and aroma of any type of recipe cooked for 4 persons. That is why it is a must ingredient for all your recipes. Use Sonet Kitchen King masala as per the requirement to enhance the taste of the food.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
CHAT MASALA: -
When we think about chat, two things come in our mind, a spice blend and a delicious salad that uses the spice blend. Sonet masala has in store for you a pre-mixed chat masala which is available as a ready to use masala which helps in enhancing the taste of any dish. You just need to sprinkle some Sonet chat masala on salads, fruits or any vegetable, to lift up the taste and flavors instantly.
Making of delicious Aloo Chat: -
Boil 500 grams of potatoes, cut and fry until golden color appears. Extract in a bowl and let it cool. Add 2 tbsp fudina sauce, big spoon of lime juice, half inch ginger grated, 1 chopped green chili and salt to taste. Mix them well. Sprinkle one large spoon of Sonet Chat masala and mix well. Add chopped coriander leaves and serve it fresh. Taste of many kinds of fruits and green salads can be enhanced by sprinkling Sonet Chat masala on them.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
PANI PURI MASALA: -
Sonet pani puri masala is used to enhance the taste of “pani” which is used in the pani puri dish. Pani is added to the fried wheat based puris along with other tasty fillings. The “pani” seasoned with Sonet pani puri masala gives delicious taste to the dish.
Maing of Pani puri: -
For 100 puris, add 2 tbsp of Sonet Pani Puri masala in one and a half liters of water and mix it well. Add salt-ginger-peppermint-green chili paste. Mix the lime to taste. Keep the water covered for half an hour. Let it cool. Strain it. Serve with chopped boiled potatoes and bengal gram with Sonet Chat masala to taste and serve with chopped onions and coriander leaves to fill it in the puris.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
MASALA MAGIC MASTI: -
If you are willing to explore the best ‘taste & aroma’ experience, Sonet masala magic masti is that classic blend which will help you. Our masala magic masti offers you an authentic taste and flavor, be it in any dish.
Usage: -
Sonet Masala Magic Masti can be used in a variety of dishes. Sprinkle or mix Sonet Masala Magic Masti on noodles, vegetable curries, rice and different types of snacks to enhance the flavor and taste. Add o sprinkle Sonet Masala Magic Masti on the coked food 2 to 3 minutes before taking it away from stove. Serve the food with enhanced taste and flavor.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
SABJI MASALA: -
Sonet sabji masala is a popular blend made with high quality and freshly ground spices that comes in handy in preparing many Indian sub continental dishes, usually different sabjis.
Making of delicious Sabji: -
As always along with your ordinary masala, add 500 grams of cooked vegetables and 1-2 tbsp Sonet Sabji Masala. Cook for 3-4 minutes. Cover it for some time to get appetizing smell of masala and to enhance the taste. Serve it hot with roti and rice.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
SAMBHAR MASALA: -
Southern India has gifted us with an extraordinary recipe named sambhar which is seen as a humble and healthy food. Sonet sambhar masala offers the best taste to the dish filled with various vegetables, dals and spices and condiments that fulfills many nutrients of the body.
Making of delicious Sambhar: -
In half litre of water, pressure cook 2 cups of red gram split (tuvar dal). Add 3 tbsp of oil in a vessel and add mustard seeds, curry leaves and asafoetida, stir and fry, now add chopped onions, green chili and cook for 2 minutes. Add 2 chopped tomatoes and cook till it becomes a paste. Add 2 cups of water, 2 tbsp tamarind paste, salt to taste and add 2 tbsp Sonet Sambhar Masala. Blend the cooked-dal with blender, add to the bowl and boil for 5 to 10 minutes with chopped coriander, serve hot with idlis or dosas.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
CHICKEN MASALA: -
Sonet chicken masala brings the mouth-watering aroma and unmatched taste to the most popular dishes all across the globe based with chicken in them. The spices in the sonet chicken masala gives a balanced taste along with other ingredients in the chicken curry, making it to be wanted more and more.
Making of delicious Chicken curry: -
Take 500 grams to 750 grams of chicken washed thoroughly and cut them. Add 1 tbsp chili powder, 1 tbsp ginger garlic sauce, 1 tbsp turmeric, 3 tbsp yogurt and salt to taste. Keep it for 1 hour. Now take 4 finely chopped onions, fry it in 4 tbsp oil till brown or crisp. Add 2 to 3 chopped green chilies, 1 tbsp ginger garlic sauce, 1 tbsp coriander powder, turmeric powder and 3 tbsp Sonet Chicken masala. Fry for 1 minute. Add 3-4 chopped tomatoes to marinate chicken. Cook for 10 minutes. Serve hot with rice or bread
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
MEAT MASALA: -
Sonet meat masala can be used to make any meat dish taste out of the world with its best flavors of all freshly blended spices in it.
Making of delicious Meat curry: -
Wash and clean 500 grams of meat. Marinate the meat with paste of 2-3 onions, 1 tbsp paste of ginger, garlic paste, 3-4 tbsp curd and salt to taste. Marinate for 2 hours. Cook 2-3 finely chopped onions in 3-4 big spoons of oil. Cook till onion turns brown or crisp. Now add the marinated meat in the pan and add 2-3 tbsp of Sonet Meat masala. Stir for 6-7 minutes. Add a glass of water. Now pressure cook it for 10-15 minutes. Now, sprinkle fresh coriander and serve it hot with roti and rice.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
FENNEL JUICE POWDER: -
Sonet fennel juice powder is the blend of fennel powder and rock sugar powder. Fennel juice powder is considered health beneficial in the hot days of summer. There are no added flavors in this which may affect the health of consumers. It is in its natural state. It gives energy to the body and reduces the fatigue by hydrating the body in the hot summer days.
Making of delicious Fennel Juice: -
Sonet Fennel Juice powder is a mixture of Fennel seeds powder and rock sugar powder. Take one litre of water in a jug and add 80 to 90 grams of Sonet Fennel Juice powder according to taste and mix well. Let it rest for 5 to 10 minutes and then serve. One can also add lemon juice to enhance the taste.
Packaging available in 250 gm pack
BUTTERMILK MASALA: -
This special blend of spices manufactured by us gives a very special taste to the normal buttermilk.
Packaging available in 50 gm pack / 1 Kg pack
TEA MASALA: -
This unique blend of spices gives a very special taste to tea. The spices embedded in the blend gives extra warmth that makes you feel warmer on cold days.
Packaging available in 30 gm pack / 1 Kg pack